hi Steve thanks for joining us here with
Lois TV commiserations on the result
today a tough challenge out there yeah a
difficult difficult game I just didn't
think we got enough rooms really you
know looking 15 on that pitch really was
probably 25 like as you know as a
batting group you should have been a
little bit better really and that puts a
little bit of pressure we had a good
opportunity to take a couple of early
rickets as well we take those chances to
a game of ifs and buts really and you
know a little bit of a shame because we
played ever so well yesterday about the
batting and obviously we had road
drivers useful contribution Joe denly
down the order and also Daryl on and
what you think about those innings yeah
now they were fantastic and obviously to
our rural driving in the dressing room
has been absolutely great for out for
all the young lads that we've had here
from the younger you know from the
Newman ycs and even through senior
players as well you know it's been
absolutely excellent you know to have
somebody with that experience and it's
just a top top man but going back to the
actual batting today we could have done
with him getting a few more and I'm sure
he'd have liked to as well but I just
don't think we you know we put the
partnerships together in all credit just
sausage really that's thought they
bowled over so well and speaking about
bowling you obviously got to the chance
to open up there today for tidy overs
must be pleased with that yeah ball okay
was nice his natural sort of go outdoors
have been sold experimenting with a shot
would run up today and yeah no it was
good I mean I got got a couple of Nicks
as well and they weren't taken so I was
happy with the opportunities being
created but the obviously disappointed
with the result you know it would have
been nice to take a couple wickets but
you know we've got a big chance now
coming up with a big game coming up
against water so I'm really looking
forward to I doing doubling it so MCC
it's always good fun it's an it's been
nice to be here that this tournament
again this year and to play for the MCC
in this nice to be able to get a few
runs as well
like to get a few more today super
enzyme obviously we've got the IPL
coming up next month and you see this is
a good practice opportunity ahead of
that yeah it is it's a good opportunity
for me to have a bit of a run around I
haven't liked you played cricket for
eight months nine months yes I think was
a bad toss to do is to be honest and
seems to do a bit sort of earlier on in
the day but yeah look we gave it a good
shot unfortunately came Vishal and you
personally you did okay with the bat
they're 21 up 19 balls them is it good
to get a little bit of middle practice
on you about before the season starts
definitely well just look at the
conditions here compared to London at
the moment so look I can't complain it
was nice it was nice to get out there
have a hit for facing get bonding and in
sort of a competitive environment so yes